Explain how `null` ends up in `ref.current` for React-managed refs (#5836)
reactjs/react.dev: src/content/learn/referencing-values-with-refs.md

## Refs and the DOM {/*refs-and-the-dom*/}

> You can point a ref to any value. However, the most common use case for a ref is to access a DOM element. For example, this is handy if you want to focus an input programmatically. When you pass a ref to a `ref` attribute in JSX, like `<div ref={myRef}>`, React will put the corresponding DOM element into `myRef.current`. Once the element is removed from the DOM, React will write `null` into `myRef.current`. You can read more about this in [Manipulating the DOM with Refs.](/learn/manipulating-the-dom-with-refs)

Reviewer: nit: I find "React will write..." to be odd phrasing. How about:
`Once the element is removed from the DOM, React will update `myRef.current` to be `null`

Author: ```suggestion
You can point a ref to any value. However, the most common use case for a ref is to access a DOM element. For example, this is handy if you want to focus an input programmatically. When you pass a ref to a `ref` attribute in JSX, like `<div ref={myRef}>`, React will put the corresponding DOM element into `myRef.current`. Once the element is removed from the DOM, React will update `myRef.current` to be `null`. You can read more about this in [Manipulating the DOM with Refs.](/learn/manipulating-the-dom-with-refs)
```

Author: That sounds better, thank you.
